so yeah that's right guys minecraft
could be banned see that's right guys as
you guys can see by the title minecraft
could be banned in Turkey for being too
violent let me just give you a bit of
the back story first and then i'll go
into myself own discussion so yeah
according to a BBC report that BBC is
mainly in the UK and Turkish government
expressed concerns about the effects of
violence in Minecraft and has ordered an
inquiry the country's family and social
policies Minister I'm not going to say
his name because I'm I think I'm gonna
say it wrong I sin Islam has all in an
investigation determined whether or not
the game promotes aggression this
enquiry is in response to concerns that
the game teachings teaches children that
it's okay to hit animals and people one
such and such concern was raised by a
journalist who told Islam that players
get points for killing other characters
including woman and asked what was going
to be done about it alright so we have
minecraft and all of us know that
minecraft is clearly not on it not a
game field of aggression and raised for
example there are many other games out
there which is four times is you know
crude and you know what's the word toxic
or I can't word I'm looking for but much
more worse than minecraft for example
many of you know of the franchise Gretel
snot franchise of the actually I think
it is rockstars franchise Grand Theft
Auto and that game is actually one of
the most violent games you know that you
ever come across you know you get you do
get points for killing people you you
are encouraged to you know kill people
and certain missions etc etc and then
minecraft this is not the case you're
not really encouraged to kill anyone in
Minecraft unless you're playing Hunger
Games so yeah if you kill from one then
it's you know it's really your choice
whereas you know in GTA you can still
kill people to talk freely is your
choice but you know there are missions
where you do have to kill people you
have two companies etc etc you know
minecraft there's no incentivization and
incentivization means I'm basically
explain it no reasoning for like no I
can't I can't really explain it let me
just search it because I know I mean to
motivate or encourage someone to do
something yet so there's no
incentivization to kill people in
Minecraft there's no real reason you
don't get points or killing villages you
don't you need villages you do get
points for killing animals but you know
there's never been like a time when
someone's you know um you know motivate
by minecraft ago and you know killer
kill someone of a diamond sword or you
know slay some of diamond sword or hit
animals and you know it's never been you
know links back to microbes you know in
fact minecraft has won have been you
know it's played a lot of kids play a
lot of darts player a lot of teenagers
player you know it's one of those games
which is actually pretty peaceful if you
ask me in my honest opinion that's why
i'd honestly say about the game and this
is actually one of the games I play when
I'm pretty stressed out and I can just
you know have a peaceful times and stuff
like that you know you don't need to
kill animals once again you can just
farm and live your life you know it's
all up to you there's no incentivization
you can kill pigs it does say that you
can't kill pics for me and stuff but
minecraft is clearly on the opposite
skill I think what I'm the Turkish
government should be focusing on is you
know maybe first-person shooters freakin
a first-person shooters am such as you
know what that game blacklight
retribution that is yeah first
persecutors blacklight retribution call
of duty halo and bounce observes games
actually incentivize people to kill
people and game like that I'm actually
promote aggression if we're talking
about flow aggression in my honest
opinion because mine club should not
even be on the radar this sort of topics
to be honest I think it's really it's a
real real bad misconception of in fact
any sort of gays yeah that's my honest
opinion I really think this is
outrageous you know my cost one of the
from the most chillax games mother's
place to be honest yeah so that's pretty
much it yeah I was really surprised by
this house watching think tank and I
thought you know if you don't think tank
are just let someone you to dis them
each down talk about pretty interesting
stuff and I just you know like
the stuff number i might bring it to you
guys because it was very very
interesting so yeah guys that's pretty
much if you enjoyed the video leave a
like i'm also guys please leave in the
comment section what you think I really
don't think minecraft is violence in any
way whatsoever um although you are or
you can kill the end dragon so yeah once
again a dragon is a mythological
creature which is not real anyways um
yeah so guys I guess until next time its
priests for me and yet leave comments
down in the comment section am I really
wanna know what you guys think about
this so yeah that's pretty much it guys
if you enjoyed the video you like if you
did don't forget subscribe and also
until next time is peace from me yeah
lovely world group survival world and we
have episode I really